docs: Update Fether FAQ with what networks are supported (#324)
paritytech/wiki: Fether-FAQ.md

$ /path/to/fether --chain ropsten --light
```

Fether only supports networks that are compatible with running a light client node using the `--light` option of the Fether CLI that is shown above, and as mentioned in the FAQ [What networks are supported by Fether?](#what-networks-are-supported-by-fether?).

### What networks are supported by Fether?

> Fether and Parity Signer only support networks that are compatible with running a light client, as explained in the FAQ [How to launch Fether on a different network?](#where-are-fether-logs-stored?).

Reviewer: Parity Signer is not related to light clients and we shouldn't mention it here.
I think we shouldn't talk about light client networks anyways, some network probably have light clients but we don't support them officially (no ERC-20 token for instance).

```suggestion
Fether currently supports: 
- Ethereum mainnet
- Ethereum classic 
- Kovan testnet
- Ropsten testnet

Görli testnet support will be added soon.

Read here [how to launch Fether on a different network](#how-to-launch-fether-on-a-different-network).
```

> The networks that currently support running a light client node include:

Reviewer: These lines should be removed if you accept my suggestion below.
